# Cheetcode-Special-Problems


### Valid Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/

### Valid Palindrome II
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/

### Kth Largest Element in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/

### Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/

### Add Binary
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/

## Given read4 ii call multiple times
https://leetcode.com/problems/read-n-characters-given-read4-ii-call-multiple-times/

## Decode String
https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-string/

## Shortest Path in a Grid with Obstacles Elimination
https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-path-in-a-grid-with-obstacles-elimination/

## K Closest Points to Origin
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-closest-points-to-origin/

## Dot Product of Two Sparse Vector
https://leetcode.com/problems/dot-product-of-two-sparse-vectors/

## Sparse Matrix Multiplication
https://leetcode.com/problems/sparse-matrix-multiplication/

## Divide Two Integers
https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-two-integers/

## LRU Cache
https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/

## Monotonic Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/

## Candy Crush
https://leetcode.com/problems/candy-crush/

## Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/

## asteroid-collision
https://leetcode.com/problems/asteroid-collision/

## time-based-key-value-store
https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/

### friend-circles

## Number of Provinces
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-provinces/

## valid-parentheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/

## product-of-array-except-self
https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/

## string-compression
https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/

# design-hit-counter
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/178662/Design-a-Hit-Counter/
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/615505/Google-or-Onsite-or-Design-Hit-Counter

## logger-rate-limiter
https://leetcode.com/problems/logger-rate-limiter/

## number-of-distinct-islands
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-distinct-islands/

## design-hashmap
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/

## Game of Life
https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/

## Basic Calculator II
https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator-ii/